# Q&A system

## Requirement

User can store their own documents and generate the personalized Q&A.

The document only need support markdown format.

## User Interface

### Dashboard

- A navigation tabs switch between documents page and Q&A page

- A grid for listing out all the documents.
    - Items in the grid serves as the documents which the user has been created.
        - User can click the item to navigate to the editor for editing.
        - every items also have a button on the top-right for deleting the document.
    - An empty item with a plus icon,
      user can click it to navigate to the editor for creating new document.

### Editor

- A textarea that user can write their document.

- A submit button for saving.

### Q&A

- An input below which user can type any questions.

- A submit button for submit the question.

- The answer based on the documents will be shown on the top of the page.

- The related citations will be shown below the answer,
  only need to display the top 3 related.

## API

### Document
- list all documents
- upload document
- get document
- get document content
- delete document

### Embedding

- list of embedding models
    - OpenAI (text-embedding-ada-002)
    - OpenAI (text-embedding-3-small)

#### get list of supported embeddings models

```http
GET /embeddings
```

#### send content to generate embeddings

```http
POST /embeddings/{model_name}
```


### Context

#### create a context

```http
POST /context/{context_id}

{
    embedding_model: string,
    sources: string[]
}
```

```
<context_id>
```

#### similarity search

```http
GET /context/{context_id}?query=<str>&k=<int>
```

```
[
    {
        source: string,
        distance: number
    }
]
```
